Ho, ho, ho, oh, little train, my little elf, another great Christmas.
Ah, man, it's boring, it's boring, same thing every year,
so let's have a funky Christmas!

Have a funky funky Christmas, have a funky funky Christmas.
New Kids On The Block, let's rock, it's Christmas time.
We're gonna celebrate it with a rhyme.
Danny D, are you ready? - Ready as I'll ever be
Steady - you know, Joey Joe is ready
Jordan and Jon, yeah, come on, we got a funky, funky Christmas going on.

Have a funky...
Funky Christmas and a funky new year, I swear we got ourselves a party here
Girls on the floor knows our posse at the door
Should I stop - nah cool - here's more of this song, a funky Christmas melody
'cause Jordan K feels so Christmasy
Throw your hands in the air pause, kick the ballistics Santa Claus

Have a funky...
Sneaking downstairs on Christmas Eve
I saw a sight that you just wouldn't believe
St. Nick by the fireplace dusting off his head with a frown on his face
He said hay - said what - he said you - I said what
He said you left the fire burning and I burnt my butt
so now I've learned you've got to turn the fireplace down
so Santa won't get burned

Have a funky...

Have a funky...
Slipping and sliding through the city streets
I'll be in town getting down to the Christmas beat
it's Danny D I'm here with Christmas cheer
no feeling to end the party of the year
it's going I'm showing fresh rhymes I'm throwing
it's snowing outside but we ho-ho-hoing
Santa's on the way, sleigh bells are ringing, swinging, everybody start singing

Have a funky....

It's Christmas, can you swing this?
Funky, dope jam top on your Christmas list, do you dig this?
Boy, there ain't no twist, just something you wish for and you almost missed huh
Funky Christmas and a Happy New Year, how could you be booing it
with Donnie D doing it?

Have a funky....

Ho, ho, ho, this is the MC Santa Claus and my elf little Joe
Yeah, merry Christmas, merry Christmas, we gonna kick the ballistics
of our Christmas wishes. 